com/github/onursert/bookpub/CustomWebView.java
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.CustomWebView
android/arch/core/R.java
 android.arch.core.R
com/github/onursert/bookpub/FindTitle.java
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.FindTitle
android/support/slidingpanelayout/R.java
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$attr
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$color
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$id
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$integer
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$layout
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$string
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$style
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable
android/support/documentfile/R.java
 android.support.documentfile.R
com/github/onursert/bookpub/FindAuthor.java
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.FindAuthor
android/support/coreui/R.java
 android.support.coreui.R
 android.support.coreui.R$attr
 android.support.coreui.R$color
 android.support.coreui.R$dimen
 android.support.coreui.R$drawable
 android.support.coreui.R$id
 android.support.coreui.R$integer
 android.support.coreui.R$layout
 android.support.coreui.R$string
 android.support.coreui.R$style
 android.support.coreui.R$styleable
com/github/onursert/bookpub/EditBookDialog.java
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.EditBookDialog
android/support/fragment/R.java
 android.support.fragment.R
 android.support.fragment.R$attr
 android.support.fragment.R$color
 android.support.fragment.R$dimen
 android.support.fragment.R$drawable
 android.support.fragment.R$id
 android.support.fragment.R$integer
 android.support.fragment.R$layout
 android.support.fragment.R$string
 android.support.fragment.R$style
 android.support.fragment.R$styleable
android/arch/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 android.arch.lifecycle.livedata.R
android/support/coordinatorlayout/R.java
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$attr
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$color
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$integer
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$layout
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$string
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$style
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable
android/support/coreutils/R.java
 android.support.coreutils.R
 android.support.coreutils.R$attr
 android.support.coreutils.R$color
 android.support.coreutils.R$dimen
 android.support.coreutils.R$drawable
 android.support.coreutils.R$id
 android.support.coreutils.R$integer
 android.support.coreutils.R$layout
 android.support.coreutils.R$string
 android.support.coreutils.R$style
 android.support.coreutils.R$styleable
com/github/onursert/bookpub/CustomAdapter.java
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.CustomAdapter
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.CustomAdapter$1
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.CustomAdapter$MyViewHolder
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.CustomAdapter$MyViewHolder$1
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.CustomAdapter$MyViewHolder$2
com/github/onursert/bookpub/SaveQuote.java
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.SaveQuote
android/arch/lifecycle/R.java
 android.arch.lifecycle.R
android/support/v7/appcompat/R.java
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable
com/github/onursert/bookpub/FindCover.java
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.FindCover
android/support/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 android.support.localbroadcastmanager.R
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
android/support/transition/R.java
 android.support.transition.R
 android.support.transition.R$attr
 android.support.transition.R$color
 android.support.transition.R$dimen
 android.support.transition.R$drawable
 android.support.transition.R$id
 android.support.transition.R$integer
 android.support.transition.R$layout
 android.support.transition.R$string
 android.support.transition.R$style
 android.support.transition.R$styleable
android/arch/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 android.arch.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
com/github/onursert/bookpub/UnzipEpub.java
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.UnzipEpub
com/github/onursert/bookpub/BuildConfig.java
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.BuildConfig
android/support/exifinterface/R.java
 android.support.exifinterface.R
com/github/onursert/bookpub/EpubViewer.java
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.EpubViewer
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.EpubViewer$1
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.EpubViewer$10
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.EpubViewer$11
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.EpubViewer$12
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.EpubViewer$13
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.EpubViewer$14
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.EpubViewer$2
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.EpubViewer$2$1
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.EpubViewer$2$2
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.EpubViewer$2$3
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.EpubViewer$3
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.EpubViewer$3$1
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.EpubViewer$4
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.EpubViewer$5
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.EpubViewer$6
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.EpubViewer$7
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.EpubViewer$8
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.EpubViewer$9
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.EpubViewer$CustomeGestureDetector
android/support/v7/recyclerview/R.java
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$attr
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$color
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$dimen
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$drawable
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$id
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$integer
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$layout
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$string
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$style
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$styleable
android/support/interpolator/R.java
 android.support.interpolator.R
com/github/onursert/bookpub/DeleteBookDialog.java
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.DeleteBookDialog
com/github/onursert/bookpub/MainActivity.java
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.MainActivity
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.MainActivity$1
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.MainActivity$2
android/support/print/R.java
 android.support.print.R
android/support/customview/R.java
 android.support.customview.R
 android.support.customview.R$attr
 android.support.customview.R$color
 android.support.customview.R$dimen
 android.support.customview.R$drawable
 android.support.customview.R$id
 android.support.customview.R$integer
 android.support.customview.R$layout
 android.support.customview.R$string
 android.support.customview.R$style
 android.support.customview.R$styleable
android/support/v7/viewpager/R.java
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$attr
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$color
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$dimen
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$drawable
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$id
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$integer
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$layout
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$string
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$style
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable
android/arch/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 android.arch.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
android/support/v7/cardview/R.java
 android.support.v7.cardview.R
 android.support.v7.cardview.R$attr
 android.support.v7.cardview.R$color
 android.support.v7.cardview.R$dimen
 android.support.v7.cardview.R$style
 android.support.v7.cardview.R$styleable
android/support/cursoradapter/R.java
 android.support.cursoradapter.R
android/support/drawerlayout/R.java
 android.support.drawerlayout.R
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$attr
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$color
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$id
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$integer
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$layout
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$string
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$style
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable
android/support/compat/R.java
 android.support.compat.R
 android.support.compat.R$attr
 android.support.compat.R$color
 android.support.compat.R$dimen
 android.support.compat.R$drawable
 android.support.compat.R$id
 android.support.compat.R$integer
 android.support.compat.R$layout
 android.support.compat.R$string
 android.support.compat.R$style
 android.support.compat.R$styleable
android/support/constraint/R.java
 android.support.constraint.R
 android.support.constraint.R$attr
 android.support.constraint.R$id
 android.support.constraint.R$styleable
android/support/design/R.java
 android.support.design.R
 android.support.design.R$anim
 android.support.design.R$animator
 android.support.design.R$attr
 android.support.design.R$bool
 android.support.design.R$color
 android.support.design.R$dimen
 android.support.design.R$drawable
 android.support.design.R$id
 android.support.design.R$integer
 android.support.design.R$interpolator
 android.support.design.R$layout
 android.support.design.R$string
 android.support.design.R$style
 android.support.design.R$styleable
android/support/swiperefreshlayout/R.java
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$color
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$id
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$integer
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$string
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$style
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable
com/github/onursert/bookpub/MainSettingsFragment.java
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.MainSettingsFragment
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.MainSettingsFragment$1
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.MainSettingsFragment$2
android/support/graphics/drawable/R.java
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$attr
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$color
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$dimen
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$drawable
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$integer
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$layout
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$string
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$style
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable
com/github/onursert/bookpub/MainSettings.java
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.MainSettings
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.MainSettings$1
android/support/asynclayoutinflater/R.java
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$color
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$id
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$integer
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$string
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$style
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable
com/squareup/picasso/R.java
 com.squareup.picasso.R
android/support/v7/preference/R.java
 android.support.v7.preference.R
 android.support.v7.preference.R$anim
 android.support.v7.preference.R$attr
 android.support.v7.preference.R$bool
 android.support.v7.preference.R$color
 android.support.v7.preference.R$dimen
 android.support.v7.preference.R$drawable
 android.support.v7.preference.R$id
 android.support.v7.preference.R$integer
 android.support.v7.preference.R$layout
 android.support.v7.preference.R$string
 android.support.v7.preference.R$style
 android.support.v7.preference.R$styleable
android/support/loader/R.java
 android.support.loader.R
 android.support.loader.R$attr
 android.support.loader.R$color
 android.support.loader.R$dimen
 android.support.loader.R$drawable
 android.support.loader.R$id
 android.support.loader.R$integer
 android.support.loader.R$layout
 android.support.loader.R$string
 android.support.loader.R$style
 android.support.loader.R$styleable
com/github/onursert/bookpub/RefreshEpub.java
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.RefreshEpub
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.RefreshEpub$1
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.RefreshEpub$2
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.RefreshEpub$3
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.RefreshEpub$4
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.RefreshEpub$refreshBooks
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.RefreshEpub$refreshBooks$1
com/github/onursert/bookpub/R.java
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.R
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.R$anim
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.R$animator
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.R$attr
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.R$bool
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.R$color
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.R$dimen
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.R$drawable
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.R$id
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.R$integer
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.R$interpolator
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.R$layout
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.R$menu
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.R$mipmap
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.R$string
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.R$style
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.R$styleable
 com.github.onursert.bookpub.R$xml
